SUBJECT :: Page 9 <<
The visual should clearly show walls, entry, exit, and the solution path.
User interactions must be available, at least for the following tasks:
• Re-generate a new maze and display it.
• Show/Hide a valid shortest path from the entrance to the exit.
• Change maze wall colours.
• Optional: set specific colours to display the “42” pattern.
You can add extra user interactions.
Code reusability requirements
You must implement the maze generation as a unique class (e.g., ‘MazeGenerator‘) inside
a standalone module that can be imported in a future project.
You must provide a short documentation describing how to:
• Instantiate and use your generator, with at least a basic example.
• Pass custom parameters (e.g., size, seed).
• Access the generated structure, and access at least a solution.
The maze generator module grants access to the maze structure, but it
is not necessarily the same format as the output file.
This entire reusable module (code and documentation) must be available in a single file
suitable for a later installation by pip.
This package must be called mazegen-* and the file must be located at the root of your
git repository.
Both .tar.gz and .whl extensions are allowed, as generated by the standard build of a
Python package.
Example of a full filename: mazegen-1.0.0-py3-none-any.whl .
You must provide in you Git repository all needed elements to build the package. This
will be asked during the evaluation: in a virtualenv or equivalent, install the needed tools
and build your package again from your sources.
The main README.md file (not part of the reusable module) must also contain this short
documentation.
13Chapter VII
Readme Requirements
A README.md file must be provided at the root of your Git repository. Its purpose is
to allow anyone unfamiliar with the project (peers, staff, recruiters, etc.) to quickly
understand what the project is about, how to run it, and where to find more information
on the topic.
The README.md must include at least:
• The very first line must be italicized and read: This project has been created as part
of the 42 curriculum by <login1>[, <login2>[, <login3>[...]]].
• A “Description” section that clearly presents the project, including its goal and a
brief overview.
• An “Instructions” section containing any relevant information about compilation,
installation, and/or execution.
• A “Resources” section listing classic references related to the topic (documen-
tation, articles, tutorials, etc.), as well as a description of how AI was used —
specifying for which tasks and which parts of the project.
➠ Additional sections may be required depending on the project (e.g., usage
examples, feature list, technical choices, etc.).
Any required additions will be explicitly listed below.
• The complete structure and format of your config file.
• The maze generation algorithm you chose.
• Why you chose this algorithm.
• What part of your code is reusable, and how.
• Your team and project management with:
◦ The roles of each team member.
14A-Maze-ing
This is the way
◦ Your anticipated planning and how it evolved until the end
◦ What worked well and what could be improved
◦ Have you used any specific tools? Which ones?
If you implement advanced features (multiple algorithms, display options), describe them
in this README.md file.
English is recommended; alternatively, you may use the main language
of your campus